Boss, what are we doing here?
Are you on vacation?
I have prepared a period of time for everyone
A month of devil training
What is Devil Training?
Everybody runs 20 laps.
Boss, I know you're the devil 30 laps
Hey.
Oh, if only I were a man!
Don't run, don't run, I'll kill you
Is this the legendary SM park?
If you don't have eyes, go away
Do you want to get beat up?
What are you looking at?
I pass by you continue
Let you go, maybe I wanted to keep a low profile
Since you want to get beaten up
Then I will fulfill you
court death
No more nonsense, come on
I'm going to show you today that some people are hard to mess with
Are you okay?
What are you taking me with you?
Where to call, can you see it's on time?
Accidents are accidents
Hey, hey, hey.
Why are you here?